All right welcome back my students.
So on this lecture we're going to actually learn how to create the login functionality.
All right.
So let's start.
So now that we know that we're getting something out of it.
Right.
All of our validation.
So this function is actually working and we can add more things later on but right now it's fine with
us.
So right here is where we are going to be calling our log in user function.
Let's create that for let's create a space we're going to grab these comments here and put it right
here and do this user logon.
And I'm going to put a comment here are-I function.
All right.
Perfect.
So we're going to have a function here.
It's going to be called log user.
Right.
And we're going to take the e-mails a parameter and we're going to take it password.
All right.
Beautiful.
And this folks is going to return true or false depending on whether they use a can log in or not.
Right.
So we can
call it right here.
We can say hey logging user.
All right.
He's able to log in.
We can redirect the person to admin admin BHB else.
We just display some type of error.
And I think we can use this function right here.
Let's just paste it right here and we can just type in something like your credentials
are not correct.
Something like this.
I think this will work fine for us.
All right.
So the first thing that we need is we need to do a query here right.
Remember we're getting all these fields from from here.
So they got to be body data they got to be clean but we still need to escape it.
Right.
So let's just do as well and as selected for us we're going to select that path we're going to need
a password and the IP from the users where e-mail equals.
We're going to do a scaping here or e-mail because the e-mail arrived like this.
All right.
We're going to save the query in a resource variable.
So we're going to do this and we can't say if we find something so we get to use our roll count function
that we created to count all those roles in the table.
Any of our roll count is equal to 1.
We found somebody right.
And we can return true of course but we've got to do a couple of things before we do that.
Right.
But if we're not able to log in to find our record we're going to return false by this.
All right.
So if we return true.
Now we could if we
we could use this statement does we ask you all to verify the password and email.
But when we use when we are using encrypted passwords a different story because we have an encrypted
password hash password we need to use the empty five to the code that password.
So that way we can verify that the password from the form is the same password that we have in the database
so we have to use the five to do that.
So we need to take out a password from here take it out from the D.B and use dandified to the coded.
That way we can compare it with the password from the form.
All right so if we find a record why we need to do is we need to graph Fetchit.
So we're going to use our custom functions factsheet array that we created a fresh their arrays.
So we're going to fetch that.
We're going to save it here and we're going to bring it out.
So now we can save it in a variable called the repasts work.
This row
is going to be possible.
All right.
So I hope you see what we're doing here.
So once we have that in the past then we can use our Indy 5 to compare that password.
So let's actually see if we can.
We have something going on here.
Semi-colon There we go.
I mean you use a couple of comments here functions.
The function
well all right
all right.
So I'm going to leave this lecture very short.
Well the next lecture we're going to use the M.D 5 to the code the password.
And we're going to verify it at the same time.
It's going to be a pretty awesome lecture.
So thank you so much for watching.
You guys are awesome.
See you in the next one.